{So the first one is a graphic
novel. Again, just describe what
you see and what is happening.
Um, this item is the longest of
all, so you may have to pick up
the pace a little bit more as
you described and tell the
story.}
{And you can start when you're
ready.}
#START_wanderer I see two guys
holding a piece of paper.
They fold in the edges.
It's working together just to
making some type of boat or
something.
Good costume going.
And see.
Boat
Sails on it.
Yes, yes. Yeah. The the paper
boat in the water.
Also, there's like a submarine
helmet underneath the boat.
Boat has windows and stuff like
that.
Let's see, uh, flock of birds.
Flying over the ocean, I see.
The paper boat in the ocean
traveling somewhere and it's one
bird going to the paper boat.
The birds flying overhead and
see.
Different type of animals,
turtles in the water, checking
out the paper boat.
Some type of.
Big fish coming towards the.
Paper boat with different type
of white spots.
I see fish in the world, water
starfish underneath the coral
like coral reef. Get some type
of animals and stuff.
You see the boat on top of the
water.
See more of the coral reef
different type of.
Fishes floating, I mean swimming
in the water, the boat traveling
above it.
Seeing different all type of
different plants underneath the
water.
I'll see the boat on top of
waters like some type of.
Squids attached to the boat.
Yeah, well, different fishes.
Well, the different squids and
stuff like that different type
of coral reefs.
The fishes are doing different
type of activities and stuff.
See uh, seahorse on top of a
fish above the water and looking
at the boat or different type of
fishes underneath the water and
I see a seahorse with a small
boat hat on his head.
Let's see some type of.
Anchor or something like that,
hanging outside the booth or
going up into the boat.
Let's see, white Stingray.
Uh, boats coming to some type of
like forest or something like
that?
It's like plants or trees.
There's some type of white birds
in there.
These brushes.
So the boats going past these
plants and all these different
type of fishes and stuff like
that is going somewhere.
I want the boat traveling, so
I'm trying to get somewhere.
Trying to get to.
There's some different type of
animals and branches with
glowing eyes.
It looks like they're looking at
the boat.
The seahorse.
Travel somewhere?
Going on some type of
destination.
Um, I guess the.
It's the the bus traveling,
getting father or different type
of new.
Fishes and animals underneath
the waters, checking out there's
some type of.
Creature ran the lobster or
something like that with the
water.
The.
Two horses looking at it now.
Yes, he jumps out of the boat
and maybe join his other sea.
His friends.
See a Big Blue whale in the
ocean?
Pipe. Something like that. The
birds and fishes.
Did you see some other big type
of creature? Maybe a whale or a
lobster? Hands and.
Standing on top of a lot of
ocean liner boats.
The fishing pole on top of his
head.
See a bunch of strange birds and
different types of strange
creatures on him.
They're doing different things,
yeah.
See a paper paper hat boat, cat
jumping in it, zebras.
Elephants.
Cheeta and stuff like that,
doing different activities.
And I see some type of moon or
earth from the sky, something
normal.
I see the boat.
Still traveling on water.
Still going somewhere? Traveling
the stars in the sky? Some type
of.
Well, the fishes in the sea see
the moon. It's dark.
Going somewhere?
See you.
I see a lot of fish.
Blowing out surrounding this
boat. I wonder why.
Maybe they're curious.
The boat is traveling.
Still and you see stars in the
sky.
Aurora borealis this season. The
sky. It's travels.
Well.
Paper boat is still traveling.
She's like a big white glacier
in the middle of the ocean.
He travels inside The Cave.
Rocks and dark, different type
of dark and it's different type
of pathways and tunnels.
All you gets out of these
tunnels make it through.
See some type of?
Guys some type of suit or
something?
He's wearing his tentacles and
stuff like that. Strange things
going on.
There's the light shining on the
on the paper boat.
I see, uh, paper boat going past
submarine submarines. But ocean
liners? A lot of smog, a lot of
pollution, a lot of birds.
A lot of ocean liners.
Stuff like that. They like
their.
Under the yeah, fishing Nets on
those, they get the hunting for
fish or not.
Hmm.
I'll see the lot of birds, white
birds, flapping around
something. The water may be
dying from this, like all rag.
Well, just black pollution.
Streaming from streaming in the
air.
Let's see. Paper boat see like
anchor or hooks seeing some type
of submarine.
Coming out of water.
So weird strange guy with some
type of.
Submarine suit on.
It's dark outside and cloudy was
like sparks flying out of the
machine.
I see the boat.
From the water to coming to
these rare creatures they're
getting ride by, written by some
type of.
Of the word weird creatures.
So on top of something.
Probably a pole or someone gas
has a horn.
Is that kite?
with stars on it.
Different type of animals with
them.
Like its windy and cloudy.
The little paper boats caught in
a tight wave or something like
that?
Let's see, a kite has a hole in
it with the stars. It has a
couple kittens.
Different type of animals,
different patterns. Walking the
rope, I see a seashell connected
to it.
Great.
Let's see. Clouds. Lightning
storms. Waves.
dark clouds and paper boats in
ocean and see paper airplane fly
pass.
See of the book going through a
lot of tentacles.
There's many of them.
And one of them.
Just catches the paper airplane
and touches it.
I guess  you can see the paper
boat going through the.
tentacles or just do a group of
many animals. They're looking at
the paper boat on them, not
knowing where it is and where
it's going.
Well, he can pass more whales.
Some gonna shoot water in his
boat.
So there's a lot of clouds in
the sky where different
creatures stand on the beach.
Different objects.
Birds in the sky.
Ocean of different types of
jellyfish swarming together the
boats.
Just passing through these
different type of junk thats
just swarming together.
Different patterns.
Now the boat.
Caught was school fish in the
ocean.
Different type of creatures and
life forms.
You see stars.
See uh, like.
Just looking at the boat
underneath water, the light
shining on it in the paper boat.
There's a submarine and
creatures around it, like it's
maybe stuff. You see it.
Alone creature, maybe ill.
Shining a light on something.
On the submarine.
Submarines poking out of water.
It's OK for having top of it
pouring out water fishes in the
water.
It's a square attacking a boat
or something like that. There's
birds flying over.
You know, paper boats,
traveling.
The seals are playing in the in
the in the ocean some of the
seals are resting the boat.
Clouds in the sky lots of
different seaweed.
So this fish is only picture.
And seaweed.
Oh yeah, there's a lot of.
And fishes and different type of
creatures in the sea and plant
life is both paper boats on top
of the waters. Two of them.
All different type of animal
seals and and.
Ohh yeah, like eels and stuff
like that.
Squids and octopus.
jellyfish underneath the
different types of seaweed.
Probably communicating with one
another.
{Oh, did you wanna say something
else? No, I just said they just
communicating with one another,
that's all. OK.}
I see. Yeah.
Were preachers on top of uh like
some type of?
Statue or some type of figure.
Maybe a fox or something. Birds.
You know like a mermaid talking
to some guys who should run some
type of creature?
In the water.
What was in the sky? This paper
boat by lighthouse. There's
boats.
Birds flying around.
Boats flying around paper boats
in the water.
What they're communicating.
I see. Um.
So boats, I see clouds and
fishes.
Plant life in the water, just
different type of boats with
flags on it.
Ohh.
I guess that's the boardwalk or
something like that.
They will gather.
In that building.
See small ocean liner boats and
a small circle.
boats and a sailboat.
Birds the flying in the air and.
Just one minute.
Clouds and I see a city in the
back. Clouds, submarine and
underneath the water.
Yeah.
Seeing big uh well with some
type of suit that sprays water
on top of his head. Coming some
land. See couple people in that
boat. Amazed by seeing it
different boats.
On the top tiers ocean, big
ocean liners, people on a dock.
Waving flags or whatever
handkerchiefs.
Docks birds flying around,
people look confused.
Clouds in the Sky Go to
cellphone.
Just see like these cranes in
the background working.
This building boat stopped
people on the dock.
Boats with people wanting paper
planes.
Weird pictures on the building?
She's some type of.
Trying to have some type of.
Underwater.
Vehicle
Different pattern called
different patterns with patterns
on it.
Work the building.
I see gold is in the background.
See they capture something in
the net. The fisherman.
What are the things where
signatures, where, pet pictures
on it, paper boats on the water?
In the clouds and background.
Like I guess this way.
Guesses some weird creature on
top of a building. It's night
out a lot different type of
windows.
On some type of.
Instrument in his hand.
There's boats and stuff like out
there.
Pretty dark out lot of different
windows in this I guess it's
night time in the city.
Everybody's going to sleep from
bed.
Pigeons are on the roof.
See the somebody ran a strange
creature with horns on his hand.
Is people following him just?
There's that. There were
different creatures, just like a
boat.
Show boat seashell boat with
flag stars.
Water.
There's some other type of
creatures in there, like on the
street talking to some guy that
smoking a cigarette right on the
steps.
People walking around on the
pier.
The brick wall and brick steps
there's a submarine dock, there
is fish looking.
Just the paper boat just on the
water, just traveling with
another boat dock.
Little houses on light like
street lights lit.
Yeah, I guess somebody was in
the paper boat. Some guys, this
is somebody in the paper boat.
He's starting to come out.
Walking up the stone brick steps
on the paper boat.
he sees someone at the top of
the steps. I guess he was there
to meet somebody. #END_wanderer
{OK, so that was the story. It
was the longest one that we have
and now we're going to just do
one page complex scene again,
just describe what you see, what
is happening, but take between
three and five minutes, here we
go.}
#START_being_a_pirate I see a
lot of boats in the water.
There's a lot of birds flying, a
lot of people, a lot of people
doing a lot of different things.
If you don't know which way to
go, go.
Thinks boat. Might be. I guess
they might be attacking one
another.
There different pirates.
Attacking one another different
color clothes on.
You don't know who's the enemy
and who isn't the enemy.
So a lot of waves going on. It's
like like waves going on sunken
boats.
Some people helping other
people.
They fire like cannons don't
they have. They have different
type of weapons there.
And they also have.
Yes, they had no orders. They
probably. Don't they probably
have orders, but there's so much
chaos they probably can't think
straight.
Those people up, there's birds
with national top of their own
flat flag. I mean staff,
whatever.
It's also.
Gunsmoke.
That's a lot of people also
found a lot of boats.
Likes Sandy Beach and some like
digging for stuff. Maybe,
possibly China or treasure.
There's palm trees on the on the
island?
And is yellow.
Group of people trying to push a
boat off the island.
Also, I guess they're sending
projectiles out of two different
boats.
Octopus.
Carrying people. Inspiring.
Some people aren't into the
water.
Also.
People trying to climb up into
get into the boat.
It's also people hanging off
from the boat.
Each year it's a.
The the pirates flag is black
with white crossbones.
Also blue and white flag flying
off in the pirate ship.
#END_being_a_pirate
{About four minutes. So let's go
ahead and go to the next one.}
#START_ancient_rome I see in
this arena.
There's a lot of people doing
different stuff. They have
weapons. They have like
Chariots.
Man riding around with Chariots
with horses and some horses
riding around with humans, some
of horses riding chariots.
Being driven by humans.
People land in the sand.
Well, different things. Just
people fighting with swords and
Shields.
And just people they have like.
Animals running around.
People fighting over different
things.
People having Spears in their
hands.
They also have.
They're fist fighting.
They also.
Crowd cheering on and blowing
people.
They also are.
Blocking different type of
weapons from getting hit.
They have shields.
There's a lion on top of a guy.
Is it guy this?
Falling off a chariot with one
hand trying to get back on.
I know this morning guys fanning
each other.
Waving like trying to wake him
up or something like that?
Like one guy, kinda shielding
him.
And also.
Let's get one.
Well, nice and sport early. Eat
some water.
There's also more lines coming
in from the doorway.
One guy has a whip.
It's only like type of Roman
soldiers like.
Some more lines just throwing a
power up.
They get to like the other
humans eat them for food.
Hmm.
It's also the same.
You know, I'm saying.
The pile armor on the ground.
#END_ancient_rome
{OK. That was about four
minutes, so we can go ahead and
move on.}
{And again, this one is a
complex scene.}
#START_campsite I'll see green
grass and bushes.
I see a canal a people swimming
in it.
People walking around with
different colors going on.
Yes, to see some people crawl on
the ground.
Some guys got them. She got pack
backpacks, people wearing
backpacks laying around in the
bushes I see guy. I'm looking at
a pink window.
I see like hedges made out into
animals.
I see different type of bull.
Tents of people.
Also I see.
A Where's Waldo character.
I see lots of women.
Tents and having conversations
and stuff like that.
On different type of things.
Different colored tents.
Uh, it's like a hippie tent
there.
Yeah, I know.
Looked like a Native American
tent.
Awesome.
Is the Muslim Bible is?
Other ship there, flexing
muscles and some guy.
Hello blah blah a boat.
Sound blah blah boat while using
his own breath or somebody.
Fish in the sea. A mermaid.
It's also more fish swimming in
the water.
There's also ladies carrying
purses around.
What is the RV park there like?
Barbecuing?
That's the great Buffalo.
Just a yellow dog on this leash.
So that's the rules.
There's also people riding
bikes.
Somebody's getting chased by
some type of animal.
Farther up in the different part
of the woods or something or
brush.
I guess so.
Different color RVs people
having talking conversation with
one of them.
people starting the proof for
the birds.
There's also.
People flying balls out of the
RV, people running like in the
marathon.
Also I see a horse and hedge.
#END_campsite
{OK, we can go on to the next
one.}
#START_airport I see a lot of
different.
Buses.
See a lot of people I guess is
the airport or transportation
center.
You know, people sharing
luggage.
Again, luggage off there about
people, so.
Processing tickets and.
Stuff like that, big man. People
are getting there. People are
getting their luggage for the
big on the the airplane or the
buses.
People right now with vehicles,
they got different colors on it.
Different vehicles have
different type of colors.
They're filling up with gas.
People looking over the balcony
at some point in the sky.
There is a air control tower.
Ohh, there's a lot of different
color airplanes there.
There's a lot of.
There's a lot of uh, this is
yellow.
And you look for I mean orange
fashioned and the airplane was
Black H card in it, firefighters
rushing to the scene and red
truck.
It's time for something like
fire.
I also see people smoking,
taking a break.
Smoking and reading newspapers.
See hot air balloon with
passengers.
I see a helicopter.
See a little jet.
Let's see ohh elephants getting
onto the plane.
Hmm.
Also see.
Someone you can just step up at
the check out claim.
Also see people falling off a
bus.
Also see.
See how people drive around
people's luggages.
The cars getting to the right
place.
So.
I see a highway.
Leaving from the airport.
#END_airport
{OK, so for this next one, it is
a graphic novel that's about 20
pages. Again, just tell the
story and take between 10 and 15
minutes.}
#START_Quest OK, watching two
kids outside, underneath a
bridge.
And the rain and.
A bike with different colored
wheels.
Guess they're trying to get
inside the building or.
Go home or something in the
rains. A lot of different type
of statues.
And.
I guess the door opens just some
type of.
King.
He gives these kids some type of
equipment.
Bird two has a purple crayons
and soldiers comes out.
And the rest is there's just
this king or somebody or.
He's using some type of
different colored crayons.
No.
The social takes them back
inside the door and kids collect
the crayons and stuff with their
purple bird and go on the
journey.
The door closes and.
And they start making the start
drawing crayons on.
So draw keys with this color
colored crayons.
And they make keys. They look
good together. They open up the
door and the.
Two kids run inside with their
bird.
Well, I guess the kids come to a
castle.
By waterfall.
And and the kings on the boat.
Guess whose
Held hostage.
Is in the city that the both
travel and leave the bridge. The
kids are following them.
The kids look at the map.
Different places on it, and
they're pointing at something.
Well, the kids. Well, the kids
looking at a map.
They see the, the, the, the king
traveling farther away and.
Only looking at the map closer
and they're trying to figure out
where they gotta go. They find
the king and help him.
Different color rainbows in the
map.
Stuff like that. Different
places.
Very colorful.
So I guess, um.
They get to the rock. They on
the rock.
And now?
Guess the.
For all different things that
can help them.
Why they on this rock and they
jumping, they jump in the ocean.
Or the water with your bird to
go on there adventure.
OK, we'll look for this.
So so.
There in the Ocean hall and on
with their bird what hold on to.
Holding on to tentacles of the.
This type of creature, maybe a
squid down to this underwater
city.
To follow King or.
See wherever they can see it's
underwater Kingdom it's a lot of
fish with some fish is floating
around somewhere around.
So I guess they get to this, get
to where they're going on to
this.
Underwater.
City. Whatever they find some
type of treasure or something
that they need.
So they gather it up to.
Boy and girl.
Then soldiers come and.
Go after them with Spears and
stuff and they're running. They
aren't. They hold on to the
tentacles of the.
Purple squirt to run away to go
somewhere else. Next adventure.
So they made it out of water and
they're going into the trunk
with the palm trees with their
bird.
Hey
Now the boarding girl drawing
something on the wall.
So.
Red and purple crayon. Wonder
what they're going to what's it
going to be?
I guess they're riding. We'll
draw that.
Rhinoceros with a bed.
Sitting on top of XXX and
walking past statues. Going to
some type of pyramid that's
ancient in the middle.
Force.
You can see different type of
buildings in other parts of the
jungle, waterfall.
Ohh drawbridge mean bridge. A
rope bridge leading somewhere.
Move.
So they run across this rope
bridge with the bird purple bird
to this building.
They never seen before.
Looks for the ancient there.
Well, I know why I haven't been
there for a really long time.
Some light on top of the
building.
Now they're drawing things again
now.
Crayon.
Wonder what it will be. So I
guess there's something that
helped him get to where they
need to.
Go to.
Hmm.
Well.
I guess they're on a swing.
Playing around with the soldier.
Dragonfly.
Purple dragonflies taking past
some.
To some Big Blue mountains.
Purple Dragonfly left him off on
top of a roof.
The roof.
Yes, some type of statue
soldiers are following.
OK, looking at the crayons and
see what which one they need
next and they boy still has the
map they're buying somewhere
else now.
The soldiers.
I guess his soldiers, I think
they have them captured.
They got them surrounded.
There's no place to go, least
that we think.
Like many other soldiers just
coming to surround them.
What will they do?
The bird snatches the crayons
and takes off.
With the rainbow.
Leaving behind them and.
Someone in the boats, fall out
of the sky, cause of the burst
of the rainbow.
His bird goes to some to some
city.
But the crayons.
So the bird goes to the city.
with the crayons.
With the rainbow leaving behind
them with a burst of rainbow
hitting the the boat knocks off
the soldiers.
Save the King with the people on
their way to somewhere.
At a far away land.
Guess he saved them.
OK, I guess they have a parade.
They have a parade for the kids
and the king for saving the
kings. There's a rainbow in the
sky.
Different type of people and
streams in the water.
Come for the parade on the boat.
See the King being free.
All the people in the city are
there.
So the King draw some, Draw
Something. He draws the kid a
crown that Open doors.
Draw both kids crowns.
And they're talking, and he
tells them.
Thanks for all your help.
And they waved goodbye.
And go through the door.
I guess they leave the the
imaginary world come back to the
real world, it's a rainbow and
they have the crown to crowns on
their head.
Yes, they're all make their way
back home to the city through
the park. #END_quest
{Yeah. OK, good. So that was the
story.}
{And the next one we're going
back to a complex scene.}
#START_Waldo_1 OK, yeah, there's
a lot of people on the streets
with different type of cars.
I guess people don't like type
of work on different type of
buildings.
Like glass windows, people guess
it's cars on the street. There's
motorcycles.
The guy in the statue.
And the waterfall.
There's also people on the roof
working.
There's different colored
buildings. There's ladders.
People cleaning their buildings.
There's firemen.
On top of the buildings.
There's people walking their
dogs.
There's also a statue above
there.
There's also some guy popping
out of a sewer.
The guy ran on the motorcycle
with it, came down the street.
People all sat at the
restaurant.
A waiter spills the drink.
The guy is off and out of the
sewer.
I wonder if when you drop
something on somebody's head.
Two cats on the roof.
There's also.
People were going in different
businesses.
There's a car crash.
Hmm.
Red and yellow car.
There's also.
A guy just destroying someone
else's car.
Also traffic lady.
Parking traffic for kids.
There's also.
Some guys laying on the side of
a sidewalk with their bicycle
thinks they're tired.
Some kids going to school.
There's a guy on the roof with
his dog.
Chasing that.
Two guys with Mops or fighting
with boxes, buckets on their
head.
The lady walking the dog to a
hotel.
There's also.
Some type of wizard walking down
the street.
Yeah, walking with a cane.
There's a guy with a violin.
Is running and playing.
A guy give him a woman, some
roses and St.
Yeah, I was right. No bicycle.
#END_waldo_1
{Good, so this is our very last
one. Again, this is a complex
scene.}
{Well, this one is the most
complex one.}
#START_deep_sea_divers {OK. I
guess it's.}
People are swimming underneath,
swimming underneath the water
with different type of fishes.
There's a people, a lot of them
have their straight pants and
different colors.
I was different type of.
This woman with stripe colors
on. Clothing.
Well then it's just like.
Kings, mermaids.
Double headed fish fish Nets.
Hook, anchor.
Different type of fish.
Well, there's electric eel.
There's a fish for the net
chasing that guy and he's, you
know.
And get hurt of themselves
walking on the sand floor.
There's also.
Statue of finger? Well, that's
what it's fish landing net.
Like arrows or fish, this fish
doesn't look like arrows.
There's like a circle with fish.
Different colors.
There's a bed in the water.
There's people.
Wearing down and underwater like
on the beach.
It's the school of fish,
covering the guy with the net.
Some guys getting taken on the
new water off of a boat.
A big fish.
Wanna swallow boat a boat line?
Rock for mermaids?
Many boats fishing with
different stripe colors.
A lot of people float along. I
mean a lot of people on the
rocks or rock fish trying to
catch fish.
On both fell over because you
got.
Cards on it.
Quick cover for fishes.
Game capture by Fisherman's
coming out of the water.
Also.
Let's see.
I see line here going underneath
the water.
Actually some big rock type fish
with fangs and face.
I also see a fish paddling.
Maybe first with different
color.
Maybe a clam.
Also see some type of fish in
the treasure chest.
Sardines in a can.
Clams.
Ohh yeah, still work. I work
with the shell on his back.
I see a fish with a saw for a
nose.
Also see.
A fish with wings.
I see two fish kissing.
#END_deep_sea_divers
{OK, good. That is all that I
have.}